--- Test 17 output ---

tree.size() = 0

Attempting to insert 1 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 1

Attempting to insert 2 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 2

Attempting to insert 3 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 3

Attempting to insert 4 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 4

Attempting to insert 5 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 5

Attempting to insert 6 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 6

Attempting to insert 7 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 7

Attempting to insert 3 into the tree...false
tree.size() = 7

Attempting to insert 8 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 8

Attempting to insert 9 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 9

Attempting to insert 5 into the tree...false
tree.size() = 9

Attempting to insert 10 into the tree...true
tree.size() = 10

Attempting to insert 8 into the tree...false
tree.size() = 10

Attempting to insert 10 into the tree...false
tree.size() = 10

Attempting to remove 4 from the tree...true
tree.size() = 9

Attempting to remove 7 from the tree...true
tree.size() = 8

Attempting to remove 9 from the tree...true
tree.size() = 7

Attempting to remove 4 from the tree...false
tree.size() = 7

Attempting to remove 10 from the tree...true
tree.size() = 6

Attempting to remove 9 from the tree...false
tree.size() = 6

Clearing the tree...
tree.size() = 0
